What this was, was lab data,
it was our own private measurement.
And so this brings up an important
point about where should we measure
performance from?
So let's think for a minute about how a
website works, how web application works.
You have your servers,
and you have your users.
And there's a whole bunch of magic
network things that happen in between.
Fundamentally, what your servers need
to do is produce some documents,
some JavaScript, some CSS, some images,
and send those across the wire to
your users, who will run it in
their browser and render a page.
So how do we measure how
fast this is happening?
Well, what we just did, was lab data,
is we connected directly to
our server from our dev machine,
from our local dev machine.
And we measured how well does this
perform for us using our laptop.
Not really for the user, not really for
anything else, just how we see our data.
If this is something that we're running
locally, like if we're running the site on
our machine and
we're testing it from our machine,
then we've taken the network
out of the equation entirely.
We've not tested anything about
how a real network performs.
We're just testing how fast our loopback
interface in our own machines can run,
which is generally really, really fast.
So these are tools like Lighthouse.
Well, there's another way
you can capture data.
We can capture things synthetically,
which is there's a robot somewhere out
in the network that will periodically
load your page and tell you how it works.
In this case,
we're testing some of the network.
There's a test server, it'll run
a window of Chrome, and it'll give you
some performance metrics about how their
instance of Chrome in that server ran it.
And this is pretty good.
There's a lot of tools out there on
the marketplace that will do this.
There's things like New relic ,and
Pingdom, and those sorts of things.
You can buy a service
that will do this for
you and periodically tell
you about your performance.
Well, the third way that we could
do this is called field data.
Because even synthetic data isn't
what our users saw, it's what a test
machine that's running on very stable
hardware on a stable network sees.
It'll be best if we could
actually capture information from
the people who actually use the site,
on the networks that they use it from, and
see how the real users
experienced the site.
So if we could gather an experience
report, if we could capture
that lighthouse report from every user
every time they load the page, and
send it back somewhere so
that we could analyze it.
Well, this is what's called a run tool,
a real user monitoring tool.
And it's a tool like the one I
work on called request metrics.
And there's a lot of good
things about doing it this way,
as in it's much more accurate.
It's showing you what the real user sees.
But it's also really noisy,
because a lot of users run on really
terrible networks and terrible computers.
And you don't necessarily care
what all of your users experience.
As in, let's say if you're running
a jobs board in India, and
you all of a sudden get a whole bunch
of traffic from outer Mongolia.
Well, you might not care what the people
from outer Mongolia care, what they see,
like it doesn't matter what
their performance was.
They're not your audience, they're not
the people who are most interested in your
site, they're likely bots.